Proposals to address comments from Éric (#6)
henkbirkholz/ietf-spice-charter: ietf-spice-charter.md

# Introduction

> A digital credential links claims about a subject and their cryptographic keys. Some sets of claim names have already been defined by the IETF and other standards development groups (e.g., OpenID Foundation).

Reviewer: This change makes this sentence inaccurate. 
Perhaps this would be better:
```suggestion
A digital credential expresses claims about a subject. Some sets of claim names have already been defined by the IETF and other standards development groups (e.g., OpenID Foundation).
```

Author: Thanks! But this would loose the 'cryptographic keys'? Maybe 'links' does not work that well by itself... Hiow about:

```suggestion
A digital credential expresses claims about a subject and links them with cryptographic keys. Some sets of claim names have already been defined by the IETF and other standards development groups (e.g., OpenID Foundation).
```

Reviewer: That works for me
